# BikeNavigation

## Arduino code
Runs BikeNavigation BLE profile and controls LED matrix display.

### Arduino source files

**ble_display.ino** - Arduino sketch file. Contains code for the board initialization and main loop, including reading of incoming commands from Bluetooth controller and getting data from the compass.

**icons.h** - Header file containing data structures and types needed for storing LED patterns for all the icons that can be shown on the LED matrix. C++ code for patterns can be generated by code generation script (see below).

**compass.h** - Header file describing the class to be used to deal with compass.

**compass.cpp** - Source file containing implementation of the Compass class.

### Code generation script

Python script **generate\_icons\_led\_matrix\_studio.py** can be used to convert the output of [LED Matrix Studio](http://maximumoctopus.com/electronics/builder.htm) to the C++ structures which can be used directly in code. 

Usage: ./generate\_icons\_led\_matrix\_studio.py filename outname
	filename: LED patterns file generated with [LED Matrix Studio](http://maximumoctopus.com/electronics/builder.htm)
	outname: name of variable where LED patterns will be stored in C++ code

Generated code should be added to **icons.h** file. Also command codes and function converting command code to the icon should be adapted to the new code.


## License

Copyright (c) 2015 HERE Global B.V. and its affiliate(s).

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License
as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2
of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA  02110-1301, USA.
